San release
I find a new words
It bugs me
How a uhmira
noble
comes to
answer
A allownt
Most
sir
I see.
The princess of the village.
Look, Yorozuya is surprised.
I see.
The woman is a monster.
She's become a beauty.
While I'm saying this to the lord,
I'll wait here.
Isai-san,
I'm going to the back.
I'll be left behind.
The princess is standing on her bare feet.
She's standing on her bare feet.
She's more beautiful than she looks.
Oh, Lord of shand and land,
don't compare yourself with me.
See to your eyes that I'm not the same as Masaki of Handan.
the consequences of us
seeing each other
what would you change my character,
world in this urban world?